SRF Limited October 28, 2025 favourable product mix and continued cost optimization and efficiency enhancement measures. Recently launched products in Specialty Chemicals business also continued their positive traction in Q2. Our product pipeline remains strong with the successful launch of 1 new active ingredient, 3 new agro products and 1 new pharma product in H1 FY26. The development pipeline continues to be healthy with multiple new pharmaceutical intermediates and agrochemical AI opportunities under development. We continue to collaborate with global innovators on complex molecules, reaffirming SRF's R&D leadership in delivering sophisticated solutions. Additionally, our sourcing efforts have yielded positive results with approval of various new raw materials and suppliers, further strengthening our supply chain and enhancing operational flexibility. Coming to the Fluorochemicals business, we achieved record refrigerant sales volume during the quarter, supported by strong realizations across key products. While some sequential softness in volumes was observed in the domestic market due to seasonality and overall lower RAC market, the business continued to demonstrate resilience by enhancing its export sales amid an uncertain global environment. Our Floron brand also expanded its global presence, further strengthening SRF's leadership in the refrigerant market and Dymel also continued to perform well. We also maintained our leadership position in both room air conditioning and mobile air conditioner segment in the domestic market. Fluoropolymers registered improved volumes and margins, while Industrial Chemicals segment maintained its steady performance. A key development during this quarter was our strategic collaboration with the Chemours Company for the manufacture, supply and distribution of certain fluoropolymers and fluoroelastomers. This partnership will leverage SRF's manufacturing expertise and Chemours' global technology leadership to serve growing market demand. In alignment with this collaboration, the Board approved an increase in the capital expenditure with respect to the earlier announced Fluoropolymers capex from INR595 crore to INR745 crore to accommodate the expanded project scope. The multiyear arrangement caters to global markets across diverse industries such as semiconductor, automotive, aerospace, chemical processing, oil and gas and more. The project will be executed in phases and is expected to be completed by December 2026. During the quarter, we also inked an agreement for purchase of approximately 300 acres of land in Odisha, due diligence of which is currently underway. The upcoming Odisha site to be acquired for approximately INR282 crores is aimed to house large-scale chemical facilities and will play a key role in expanding our manufacturing footprint and supporting long-term growth. SRF's R&D capabilities continue to be a strong competitive advantage, driving innovation and product leadership across both Specialty and Fluorochemicals businesses. Our R&D team comprising of over 450 professionals is focused on developing complex chemistries and advanced applications. SRF now holds 153 patents and has filed 501 process patents. R&D remains at the core of our strategy, enabling process development, scale up and commercialization across  SRF Limited October 28, 2025 agrochemicals, pharmaceuticals and next-generation refrigerants. The Performance Films & Foils business reported a revenue of INR1,408 crore in Q2 FY26, remaining flat Y-o-Y, but delivering higher EBIT of INR119 crore when compared to Q2 FY25 of INR83 crore, supported by improved volumes and realizations in BOPP and aluminium foil, a stronger product mix and sustained cost optimization. Volumes and realizations for BOPET were, however, lower. The business also retained its position as India's largest BOPET exporter. GST 2.0 reforms implemented during the quarter seem to have had a short-term volume impact due to reprinting, repackaging and resizing. The business remains focused on scaling value-added products and sustainable structures such as BiLam, PCR and mono-family films to strengthen differentiation. Our international operations also performed well with higher margins from Thailand and Hungary, and South Africa delivering stable results. The aluminium foil segment also delivered higher sales and profitability, supported by strong demand in domestic market, favourable trade measures and continued focus on value-added sustainable applications. Our Technical Textiles business reported revenue of INR474 crore in Q2 FY26 amid a challenging market environment. The segment faced headwinds from aggressive import pricing of NTCF and belting fabrics from China. The demand for PIY was impacted by a prolonged monsoon season. Despite these challenges, belting fabric and NTCF volumes grew Y-o-Y, though margins remain under pressure due to lower realizations. The business continues to focus on value-added products and innovation-led differentiation to support recovery and sustainable growth in H2. Lastly, in the Others segment, the Coated Fabrics business maintained its domestic leadership in both volume and pricing. The launch of tensile and value engineered products in Q2 positively contributed to overall sales. The Laminated Fabrics business also retained its price leadership despite industry overcapacity. During the quarter, we also started the in-house production of knitted fabric through our new knitting machines. Our finance costs have reduced compared to the previous year, leading to lower expenses in our P&L statement. However, weakening of INR against USD and Euro have negatively impacted the overall Q2 results. With global interest rate cycles trending downwards, we anticipate further reduction in our borrowing costs in the near future and remain committed to making strategic investments that align with our long-term objectives. This quarter, our CSR initiatives reached thousands, from STEM labs and digital literacy programs to mobile health services and vocational training. Notably, over 33,000 youth were trained in green skilling and digital technologies with 22,630 placed in jobs. During the quarter, SRF also received 2 prestigious honours - recognized as the ‘Supply Chain Planning Champion’ and the ‘Supply Chain Champion - Diversified Sector’ at the ISCM Supply Chain Ranking 2025. These awards reaffirm SRF's commitment to operational excellence, strategic planning and innovation across businesses.  SRF Limited October 28, 2025 In conclusion, the first half of the year has been marked by a steady performance, disciplined execution and consistent progress across all segments. Our ongoing investments in capacity expansions, debottlenecking, innovation and R&D reflect our confidence in SRF's long-term growth potential. While certain sectors continue to face near-term challenges and difficulties due to the global macro environment, SRF's diversified portfolio, strong R&D and innovation pipeline and focus on operational excellence positions us well to navigate volatility and capture emerging opportunities. As the market situation improves, we are confident in our ability to deliver strong performance and create lasting value for all stakeholders. Before we move on to Q&A, I would like to share a brief update. At the close of business on 12th December 2025, I will be stepping down from my role as President and Chief Financial Officer to pursue other professional opportunities. It has been a privilege to be a part of SRF's growth journey and work alongside an exceptional team that consistently upholds the highest standards of governance, integrity and excellence. The company is in the process of identifying my successor and will ensure a smooth transition to maintain continuity, and uphold its commitment to financial discipline and long-term value creation. I take this opportunity to express my gratitude to all stakeholders for their support and trust over the years. I would now like to ask the moderator to open the line for the Q&A session. Thank you very much. Moderator: Thank you very much. We will now begin the question and answer session. The first question is from the line of Madhav Marda from Fidelity Investments. Madhav Marda: Sir, the first question was on the pharma intermediates where we've spoken about some new opportunities ramping up for us. Just wanted to understand, are these intermediates that go into new drug launches or pipeline products for big pharma customers, because that's an area which is growing fast in India? Are we basically integrating with supply chains of these global pharma majors and supplying building blocks there? Is that the right way to think about it? Rahul Jain: I think so, Madhav. These are not APIs in nature as of now. They are largely solvents and regents that are being supplied to the pharma industry. And when we say launched, we mean that these products are now in the pipeline and are available for sale. As volumes pick up from the customer, we will see commercial sales of these coming through. Madhav Marda: Because pharma intermediates is like an area where we've invested for a few years, and it's probably a long gestation business. So would it be fair to assume that we are closer to kind of ramping up this part of the business now, given the pipeline progress at the customer's end? Is that the right way to think about it? Rahul Jain: It will take more time to ramp it up, it is not that it is already done. It is a time-consuming process, and we are doing a good job in terms of ramping it up. There will be some more time when you see larger commercial sales of these coming through. But yes, the product pipeline remains very, very strong, and we are hopeful that we should be able to take this forward.  SRF Limited October 28, 2025 Moderator: The next question is from the line of Ankur Periwal from Axis Capital. Ankur Periwal: So first question on the chemicals bit. In your presentation, you did highlight some bit of deferment in demand from global agro majors. So just wanted your thoughts on our full year growth guidance on the Spec Chem side. How are you looking at that number? And commensurate to that, in H1, how has been the growth overall, combining Q1 and Q2? Rahul Jain: Ankur, thank you for your question. Yes there has been some deferment of demand that we've seen in the Spec Chem space when we look at Q2 as such, although I still maintain that we have seen volumetric growth. Our new products have seen good traction and some of these should bode well for the future. There are certain AIs which are also taking shape, and we hope that there would be some positive on these that can be seen sooner than later. As to the overall percentage growth, we have always talked about the Chemicals business overall growth. Given that H1 had 23% plus growth from an overall perspective, I believe we will certainly be able to surpass the 20% number that we had talked about Ankur. Ankur Periwal: Sure, Rahul. That's helpful. Just one clarification. The demand uptick that we are seeing is largely concentrated to newer ones or the older ones are also seeing some uptick? Rahul Jain: For H1, I would say it is newer products, but there is enough position to be created from an older product perspective also, and we should see better performance in H2 from an overall Specialty Chemicals business. But we will also have to understand that we are facing global agrochemical headwinds, therefore, there is some demand deferment that we have seen. We don't believe that it is lost out, it's just deferment that has happened. Ankur Periwal: Great, sir. And just a second question on the ref gas side. Any thoughts on the pricing outlook? There have been some cuts in pricing in China, especially for R22. But how is R32 demand outlook? Any changes there versus last we spoke? Rahul Jain: There is seasonality that plays out in the ref gas space also. R32's overall domestic volumes were lower given the weak summer that we had seen in Q2 as well. But we are fairly confident that our volumes now are in good shape. In H2, we believe that there is better pricing or even if not better pricing, stable pricing as well as better volumes. Moderator: The next question is from the line of Sanjesh Jain from ICICI Securities. Sanjesh Jain: First of all, congratulations and best of luck for your new journey, sir. A couple of questions. First on this Chemours thing, how should we see this? What was the rationale for the contract, and how should we see this contract unfolding for SRF, say, in FY27, FY28? And what is the scope, which are the products are we looking here? And will it be predominantly to the US or it is beyond that market? How should we see this? And a related question to this is that we have increased the capex for fluoropolymer from INR595 crore to INR745 crore. How much additional capacity will this additional capex give us in fluoropolymer?  SRF Limited October 28, 2025 Rahul Jain: Okay. So again, the rationale for the Chemours contract is one, getting associated with a global player; two, thinking about our technology versus their technology, thinking about how can he make our fluoropolymer play a bigger fluoropolymer play; and to a certain extent, it is a position to be created from an outsourcing as well as a global play perspective for Chemours as well. So the rationale for the contract for us is probably expanding our footprint in products which are global plays rather than localized plays. From an overall perspective in terms of the capex, the change in the scope is because there are different grades of products that we would now be manufacturing other than what we had initially planned out. There is some adjustment in capacity as well, it's a more difficult product to manufacture, and that's also the reason for the increased capex. My current sense is that there is no large capacity, it's not doubling the capacity, there is incremental capacity change that happens. Sanjesh Jain: Very clear. But one follow-up question on this, sir. Now that we will be supplying to Chemours who is a global player, does it anyway stop us from going into the export market on our own? Or it's a different grade what we have contracted with Chemours and it is a different grade that we are looking to go SRF as a company on the fluoropolymer? Rahul Jain: These are for 2 basic fluoropolymers, which is, a fluoropolymer and another, a fluoroelastomer. The large grades that we will be manufacturing under this contract will be sold to Chemours for their global play. It is a fairly decent ROI based contract. And it does not restrict SRF from making its own other fluoropolymers with its own technology. Sanjesh Jain: Got it. But this particular product will be exclusively produced for Chemours? Rahul Jain: It's a combined arrangement. They will give us some products, and we will give them some products. So it's a pretty combined arrangement. It's a distribution arrangement as well. Sanjesh Jain: And from the revenue contribution, how should we see this contributing in 2027 and 2028? Rahul Jain: We will not be commenting on the exact revenue position on it. But I can just assure you that the revenue under this is fairly large. Sanjesh Jain: Very clear, sir. One on the specialty side, I know you have briefly answered it earlier. But what is driving us confidence on the H2 is that we have a good PO visibility or you see new product contributing significantly. What is giving us this confidence of a stronger H2 in Specialty Chemicals? Rahul Jain: If you look at it historically also, we've always seen seasonality play out in the Specialty Chemicals space. H2 has always been stronger than H1. And that's always been the trend, probably other than the COVID year. There is also a procurement pattern that we see with some of our customers as well. I would also say that there are certain headwinds that are there in the overall position here. We are finding countermeasures to them, we are looking at enhancing our space, and new products should be helpful in taking us through that. That's how we are looking at it.  SRF Limited October 28, 2025 Sanjesh Jain: Got it. Sir, one last bookkeeping question. What is the capex number expectation for FY26? Rahul Jain: FY26 should be roughly in the range of about INR2,200 crore to INR2,300 crore. This also includes to a certain extent the land deal that we spoke about. Sanjesh Jain: Got it. Including the Orissa land parcel. Rahul Jain: Yes. That's the cash spend. Sanjesh Jain: In that sense, this is lower than what we thought at the start of the year, right? Excluding land, probably we were at INR2,400 crore to INR2,600 crore. Rahul Jain: We have not curtailed any capex. Initially we were talking about INR2,400 crore to INR2,500 crore. Now it's in the range of about INR2,300 crore. We did not exclude land even at that point in time. We had budgeted for land there as well. Moderator: The next question is from the line of Abhijit Akella from Kotak Securities. Abhijit Akella: Rahul ji, first of all, best wishes to you for your next step. Just two from my side. First one was regarding an update on some of the important growth projects you've highlighted in the past. Any update you could share on the INR1,100 crore investment in the fourth generation refrigerants? And what sort of revenue number we could estimate maybe for fiscal year 2028, if any, from that project? And then also on the Performance Films segment side, is it correct that there are 3 projects currently underway over there, including the BOPP-PE, the Capacitor Grade BOPP as well as a plain vanilla BOPP? And so is it 1,25,000 tonnes being added, and if so, what sort of timelines and volume revenue contributions could we expect in fiscal year 2028? Sorry for the long question. Rahul Jain: So, the first question is with respect to the growth projects around the HFO side. To be very frank, we don't give out numbers in terms of potential revenue. The way you should look at it is what's been our overall revenue positioning and I think we will remain in similar ranges from an overall perspective. The HFO project gets commissioned somewhere in 2027. It will take time to ramp up, so FY28 is the first revenue position that we will start to see from the project. You can estimate the full revenue potential, on let's say, 10,000 tonnes basis, on your own. On the performance films side, there are 3 projects that are going on currently. The first project being the Capacitor Grade film, then there is the BOPP-BOPE film, and the new polypropylene film that we have recently announced. The aggregate capacity of these is about 100,000 tonnes to 110,000 tonnes. Abhijit Akella: And one other small thing from my side on the quarterly results. These unallocable expenses that have increased quite meaningfully quarter-on-quarter this time around, is that because of the foreign exchange impact, or is there something else within that? Rahul Jain: Largely, it is because of the INR30 crore foreign currency loss, when you see the unallocable expenses going up from INR40 crore to about INR62 crore. A large part of that forex loss would be  SRF Limited October 28, 2025 accounted under the other unallocable expenses. Moderator: The next question is from the line of Vivek Rajamani from Morgan Stanley. Vivek Rajamani: First of all, sir, all the very best for your next chapter. And with respect to the questions, sir, there was one comment on the presentation where you mentioned the ref gas market will be better in H2. Beyond the seasonality, would this also reflect SRF's effort to maximize volumes for the quotas? And in connection to that, given that you will see some new capacities come through, just wanted to get some thoughts on the strategy to maintain or potentially grow market share over the next couple of years. Rahul Jain: Yes Vivek, that's the strategic call that we have always talked about. We also want to ensure that our volumes are high, so we will produce to the extent that we can, from the plants. The good part is that some of the bottlenecks on AHF are now almost sorted, so our capability to produce more is higher. And therefore, we will continue to ensure that the quota position plays out well for us. Also, a more detailed call on the HFC position and the quota was done in the past; it is available as a transcript on our website as well, maybe you want to go through that again if you want to. But like I said in the past as well, each one to their own in terms of quota positions that they are building. But given SRF’s situation in the market, our capability of selling it through the observation period, we seem to be in fairly good shape, Vivek. Vivek Rajamani: Sure, sir. That's helpful. And maybe just one last bookkeeping question for me. Could you just give the domestic and the export mix for both the specialty and the ref gas business? Rahul Jain: For Specialty Chemicals, the quarter’s export number would probably be in the range of about 65% to 66%. For ref gases, the number is probably 55% export and 45% domestic. Vivek Rajamani: So about 60% for both of them and this would be based on value, correct? Rahul Jain: I said 65% for the Spec Chem business and about 55% for ref gases. Moderator: The next question is from the line of Rohit Nagraj from B&K Securities. Rohit Nagraj: All the best for the new endeavour. So the first question is on the AI front. We have developed and commercialized the first one during this quarter. And we had indicated earlier that we are working on 6-7 AIs. So in terms of the pipeline of commercialization, do we have any visibility and the overall potential from these 6-7 AIs once they are commercialized and scaled up? Rahul Jain: The work on AI piece is going on well. We've always said that it will take some time to see larger commercial sales on these AIs. The good news is that some of these are now starting to see traction. You might have also gone through the export data and looked at it. Some of the analysts have given me to understand that there is a positive AI traction that is starting to build. Hopefully, we will start to see some revenue during H2, and over the next 12 to 18 months, this should become a larger piece  SRF Limited October 28, 2025 from a Specialty Chemicals business perspective. Rohit Nagraj: Sure. Second question on the ref gas front. Just a clarification. So given that the quotas are going to come into play for currently and for the next 1, 1.5 year or so, will we be operating our capacities to the maximum to gain maximum out of the quotas? Rahul Jain: That's what we have said, we want to operate the plants at whatever maximum capacity that we can. No doubt on that. Rohit Nagraj: And currently also, we are operating the same? Just a clarification. Rahul Jain: Pretty much. Moderator: The next question is from the line of Surya Narayan Patra from Phillip Capital. Surya Narayan Patra: Congratulations for the great set of numbers, sir, in a non-season. My first question is on the Chemours contract. Sir, are you sure it refers to specialty intermediates, including fluoropolymers? That’s what it mentions. Does that mean we’re trying to do something related to that? Rahul Jain: I don't think we ever mentioned specialty intermediates. We always said fluoropolymers, including fluoroelastomers. So that's what we've said. We've never said specialty intermediates in context to the Chemours contract. Surya Narayan Patra: Okay. Because Chemours wordings is in that way. So that is why I thought I should clarify. Rahul Jain: I don’t know what you are reading Surya. Surya Narayan Patra: Okay, fine sir. And sir, you have already given the capacity or capex relating to the Chemours association. But whether the revenue opportunity would be proportionate to the capex or it is beyond that? Rahul Jain: I have already said that we are not giving out revenue numbers on this as of now. The fluoropolymer piece is expanding on a continuous basis. This contract gives us a relationship advantage, and we want to leverage that relationship going forward on other products as well. But I am not in a position to give you any numbers around what the revenue potential is, purely on this contract. Not possible, Surya. Surya Narayan Patra: Okay. Second question is on the specialty intermediate side. So we are seeing some kind of uptick in the pricing situation. So is it because of some uptick in the demand or it is the replenishment of the inventory or it is the product mix? Could you clarify on this. Rahul Jain: Are you talking about SRF or you're talking about the industry as such? Surya Narayan Patra: For SRF also, that is the kind of a trend possibly.  SRF Limited October 28, 2025 Rahul Jain: Not really, Surya. On an overall basis, pricing has remained flat to only small positives. Volumes of the new products have done well, and in some of the older products, we have seen some deferment happening. That's what we had commented on in the press release as well as the earnings presentation. Surya Narayan Patra: Okay. And any specific plan for that Odisha site. It's a new site, so it would be targeted for any particular segment or it is a new site to embrace all the business? Rahul Jain: It will be for the Chemicals business only. But like our Dahej site and Bhiwadi site, it will be for both, Specialty Chemicals as well as fluorochemicals business; not just one single business. It is going to be a site for both the businesses put together. Surya Narayan Patra: Okay. Just one clarification, sir. This PP film under the PLI that we have got today, whether it is the same thing what we had already announced, the Capacitor Grade BOPP films? Rahul Jain: Yes, largely. Moderator: The next question is from Keyur Pandya from ICICI Prudential Life Insurance Limited. Keyur Pandya: Sir, you mentioned about the ref gas volumes at near optimum utilization. Does that mean that for next year, the scope for volume-led growth would be very miniscule. And for that segment, the heavy lifting has to be done by Spec Chem. Is it a fair understanding? Rahul Jain: That's probably a bad way to look at it. I would say that considering the volumes that have played out in H1, we will be in better shape in H2. But having said that, will there be a volumetric increase in FY27; very difficult to give you a number. Calendar year 2026 is also an observation year, so if we achieve full capacity utilization, then yes to a certain extent, capacities for the HFC position are limited. From a fluorochemicals business perspective, as fluoropolymers and the Chemours contract come through, we should see positive coming from that as well. But you are right to a certain extent, that if we are able to exit with full capacities utilisation, then capacities will remain pretty much full from an overall HFC position perspective. Keyur Pandya: Okay. And just a follow-up. So because of the Chemours related rejig or otherwise, when this plant would be available for production? You have mentioned December 2026 and you have mentioned in-phases as well. So that is start of the first phase or by that time, everything would be available for production? Rahul Jain: There will be some products that will come through prior to that. But December 2026 is what we are targeting for the final product to also get commissioned. Moderator: The next question is from the line of Krishan Parwani from JM Financial. Krishan Parwani: Firstly, all the very best for your future endeavours. It has been a pleasure interacting with you. Just  SRF Limited October 28, 2025 two questions from my side. First, of the 5-6 AIs, when do you expect full ramp-up of the recently launched AI? And when do you expect launch and commercialization of the rest four to 5 AIs? Rahul Jain: It's a question that has been answered multiple times, Krishan. We have said that some of these AIs will see light of the day from a commercial scale perspective, in H2. But there is a 12 to 18 months period that we've spoken about in the past, and obviously, some of that has passed. And as progressively things are happening, we have talked about it. But every quarter, this is not going to change. Krishan Parwani: And given you mentioned limited volume growth for FY27 for HFCs, so do you have any plans for HFC capacity expansion using your R22's quota entitlement? Rahul Jain: Not really as of now. Nothing. Moderator: The next question is from the line of Naushad Chaudhary from Aditya Birla AMC. Naushad Chaudhary: I wanted two clarifications. You touched upon that the ramp-up of AI will take time. Just wanted to understand when you are saying it will take longer to ramp up, will it be more than 2 years or 3 years to ramp up? Rahul Jain: I've already answered that question. I don't think I can add any further colour to it. Naushad Chaudhary: Okay. On the utilization of the ref gas capacities, assuming we exit 2026 with full utilization, so for 2027, only Spec Chem and PTFE ramp-up should help the overall chemical business growth. Is that the right understanding? Rahul Jain: You are right. And I have also answered that question in response to a previous question on it. Moderator: The next question is from the line of Aditya Sen from Findoc. Aditya Sen: Sir, can you please share the prices of the HFOs or the prices of R22 for the last 3 - 4 quarters? Has it been increasing, decreasing? What is the situation as of now? Rahul Jain: We don't look at HFO prices as of now, Aditya, because we don't produce any of the HFOs. R22 prices have been range bound and doing pretty much all right. But generally we don't give out exact prices of each of the HFCs or HCFCs. Aditya Sen: It's fine, I just want the colour on R22 and if possible R32 also? Rahul Jain: Trending-wise, over the last three - four quarters, we've seen positive trends on HFCs and R32 prices. Moderator: The next question is from the line of Akash Mehta from Canara HSBC Life Insurance. Akash Mehta: Just had one question, In terms of U.S. tariffs, could you give some color on SRF’s direct and indirect  SRF Limited October 28, 2025 exposure through exports? Specifically, what portion is likely to be impacted? Rahul Jain: Two or three things to think about. There is some impact on our Performance Films business, but we've already implemented some countermeasures around it. Exports to U.S. are now happening from our Thailand unit. That has already been implemented. On the fluorochemical or the HFC side, we had to take some impact in terms of the pricing for HFCs, although pricing still remains pretty solid. So we are in good shape on that side. On the Specialty Chemicals business, last year, the Indian exports to US was roughly about INR300 crore, so not a major number from an overall SRF perspective also. That's how we are looking at it, Akash. Moderator: The next question is from the line of Yash Shah from Aditya Birla Sun Life Insurance. Yash Shah: I just have one question from my side, more of a clarification. Of the INR745 crore capex that we have announced for the fluoropolymers, can you give a broad idea of how much will be dedicated towards Chemours? Because as we mentioned, the Chemours contract will be contributing significantly to the revenue, so just wanted broad idea of how much of the capacity will be dedicated to Chemours? Rahul Jain: From an overall capex of INR745 crore, roughly INR450 crore is for one of the products which is non-Chemours and the balance is largely towards the two products for Chemours. Moderator: Thank you. I would now like to hand over the conference over to the management for the closing comments. Rahul Jain: Thank you, everyone. I hope I've been able to answer all of your questions. If you have any further questions, we would be happy to be of assistance. We hope to have your valuable support on a continued basis as we move ahead. On behalf of the management and specifically on my personal behalf, I once again, thank you for taking the time for joining us on this call. Thank you so much. Disclaimer: This is a transcription and may contain transcription errors. The transcript has been edited for clarity. The Company takes no responsibility for such errors, although an effort has been made to ensure a high level of accuracy.